README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Vijendrachar Mulgund 👋

## Welcome to my GitHub Page.

### Here is a little bit about myself:

### I'm a Software Engineer with a good eye for design.

- 🔭 I’m currently pursuing my Masters degree in Advanced Computer Science.
- 📖 Learning Data structures, algorithms, and SQL.
- 🌱 I’m always learning something or the Other, trying to keep myself updated about the latest Tech Stacks.
- 🤝 I'm open to collaborating with fellow developers.
- 💻 I’m a Tech Savvy.
- 🎮 Also a Fellow Gamer.
- 🥅 Future Goals: Contribute more to Open Source projects. Become a better developer.

## Here are some of the Tools & Languages I use often:

### UI/UX Design

[<img width="50" src="images/adobe-xd.png" title="Adobe XD">][space]
[<img width="55" src="images/figma_1.png" title="Figma">][space]

### Front-end Stack

[<img width="50" src="images/html.png" title="HTML">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/css.png" title="CSS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/sass.png" title="SASS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/js.png" title="JavaScript">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/ts.png" title="TypeScript">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/react_js.png" title="React JS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/vue_js.png" title="Vue JS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/react_native.png" title="React Native">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/angular.png" title="Angular">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/ionic_1.png" title="Ionic Framework">][space]

### Back-end Stack

[<img width="48" src="images/node_js.png" title="Node JS">][space]
[<img width="48" src="images/mongo.png" title="Mongo DB">][space]
[<img width="48" src="images/firebase.png" title="Firebase">][space]

### Code Editor & other tools

[<img width="50" src="images/vscode.png" title="VS Code">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/git.png" title="Git">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/github.png" title="GitHub">][space]
[<img width="48" src="images/postman-2.png" title="Postman">][space]

### Thank You! 😊

[space]: ""

Commit message:

Revise personal introduction in README
Updated personal description and educational background.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Vijendrachar Mulgund 👋

## Welcome to my GitHub Page.

### Here is a little bit about myself:

### I'm a Software Engineer.

- 🎓 I have a Masters degree in Advanced Computer Science from LBU .
- 📖 Continuously Learning Data structures, algorithms and other new technologies.
- 🤝 I'm open to collaborating with fellow developers.
- 💻 I’m a Tech Savvy.
- 🎮 Also a Fellow Gamer.
- 🥅 Future Goals: Contribute more to Open Source projects. Become a better developer.

## Here are some of the Tools & Languages I use often:

### UI/UX Design

[<img width="50" src="images/adobe-xd.png" title="Adobe XD">][space]
[<img width="55" src="images/figma_1.png" title="Figma">][space]

### Front-end Stack

[<img width="50" src="images/html.png" title="HTML">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/css.png" title="CSS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/sass.png" title="SASS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/js.png" title="JavaScript">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/ts.png" title="TypeScript">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/react_js.png" title="React JS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/vue_js.png" title="Vue JS">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/react_native.png" title="React Native">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/angular.png" title="Angular">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/ionic_1.png" title="Ionic Framework">][space]

### Back-end Stack

[<img width="48" src="images/node_js.png" title="Node JS">][space]
[<img width="48" src="images/mongo.png" title="Mongo DB">][space]
[<img width="48" src="images/firebase.png" title="Firebase">][space]

### Code Editor & other tools

[<img width="50" src="images/vscode.png" title="VS Code">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/git.png" title="Git">][space]
[<img width="50" src="images/github.png" title="GitHub">][space]
[<img width="48" src="images/postman-2.png" title="Postman">][space]

### Thank You! 😊

[space]: ""
